What a cocky boy
Angel, do you need me to throw him out?
Don't look at it first
Bridge haha
Don't think you've had a few bad luck
I saw a few decent things
You think of yourself as a treasure appraiser
This stick is different from that thing
What if I open the Overlord today?
You still drive out the Overlord
If you can get rid of the Overlord
The two of us will open a shop for you reasonably
When you are black
How about the two of us cutting the ribbon for you ourselves?
Ah no yeah
It's a deal.
Can you handle the bridge?
Then Fang Yuan's family is fishing for sea goods
Growing up in the clam river
Don't worry, no problem.
Fang Yuan, I'll let you choose first
Hahaha, you let me choose first.
Do you really not know my ability?
You let me choose first
You just have no chance of winning
Let you choose, you choose
Where did you get so much nonsense?
Just him.
Look at me.
Okay. Reach out!
Really twice
This is the Overlord
What a big one!
The bridge is your turn.
As expected of a vacationer
Your eyesight is really poisonous
Sure enough, you can see this king at a glance
He lost the bridge.
Send someone to chase him away
Get me the bridge downstairs
Xiao Liang, how are you grinding?
Like a pussy
Don't you dare?
Admit defeat now and let you go
Here he is.